we're here today outside the Arkadelphia
Arkansas at our feed mill it's a located
on highway 51 south we're here today to
tell you about a product the Lord is
truly blessed us with it's a mineral
enriched supplement it's unlike any
product you've ever seen before we
started this product roughly three years
ago we work with biologists we work with
mineral company out of Texas and we've
worked with seven men that film this
product and test it every way there or
we've tested in different terrain we've
tested it in different weather and
different seasons and they all say the
same thing that this product has proven
itself and there's unlike anything on
the market today it's named as deer 365
I've took deer 365 and tested it I guess
you would say on my own accord to just
make make it where I would know what it
was doing but I started feeding right
after horns fell off this past year and
I have to in an area that I've hunted
since the day I was a little kid and
were once ever 2 to 3 years I might find
120 inch buck or something and and by
feeding this speed I have outright
growing 5 deer now this year they're
probably gonna be in the 115 to 120 122
neighborhood age and genetics but the
number one factor that you need to
consider is nutrition that's the most
key important factor and that's what
we've done with deer 365 everything that
deer needs you're in is in this site
corn well a lot of times you'll lose
fifty five percent or more because of
crows and in raccoons eating and I'm
using this speed and I can't make a coon
eat it and I've been trying to make them
eat it I put it with corn I've put it
down with apples and everything else I
got video footage of it with corner
apples around it stuff Coonan eat the
corn eat the apples but they won't eat
the deer 365 can number one grow horns
that we've proven number two deer 365
can hold dear at the filming of this
video
we have successfully held dear at five
different locations on camera site seven
months and they're still staying there
deer 365 will cap in the first rainfall
when the rain hits it it'll form a cap
on top and then underneath the feet it's
just as fresh as the day you put it out
it establish routines patterns where the
deer come you can set your clock by it
but watch
your game cameras and studying you dear
it brings in dear from other areas we
have footage of deer that had never came
there before and eaten and have stayed
those we've got footage of those
bringing in their phones
they'll eat and a few days later the
phones will come in by themselves to eat
this product here 365 it works no matter
who you feed it we fit it in the bottoms
we fit it in the Timberland
in the hills cut overs it don't matter
you can feed this stuff in troughs you
can feed it on the ground they'll eat it
no matter who you put it a close friend
of ours a biologist has helped us from
the beginning established his feed made
a comment one time at a seminar he said
if you're a hunter and you're not
feeding deer 365 you better hope your
neighbor hidden these try this product
and put it out against the competition
and make the determination for yourself
we're that confident in our product and
I think it stands alone and above
anything that's out there so bottom line
if you want to invest in your deer herd
out there and you want to grow horns
have bigger bigger deer and not feed
anything else but deer with your
hard-earned money by deer 365 it's going
to work for you know some of you folks
that might not know you know back in the
early 90s I was a scientific breeder for
over 10 years I know he's got the
ingredients and of course you can tell
by smell I know what deer like to smell
and eat I've tested it like I said I've
done it over 10 years what we're gonna
do we're gonna check out gene out and
see what these deer like and the reason
I'm scattering a little more than I
normally would is to get the smell in
the woods here now much to my surprise
it's 15 20 minutes later after I just
put out the feed and I can't just
thought I'd come back by here and the
deer out here is a little looking like a
little for us our six point out there
and then looked over there and a little
fawn and is a just mama was sitting
there eating this feed right here folks
I am convinced now that I will be using
this feed on my leases in Texas and in
Arkansas
like I said all you've got to have is
you got to have a little bit of age and
you got to have little genetics and
you're going to produce some deer if you
have the nutrition and according to to
what gene M says and looking at the
ingredients that got the ingredients in
there for the nutrition you know after
this little test of my own
right here proving that these dear hey
they come to the smell and they stay
there and eat it so hey all I got to say
is get dear 365